the prophet 5 was introduced at the NAMM
show in 1978 by sequential circuits
known as the most classic synth of the
80s the prophet 5 was one of the first
fully programmable polyphonic analog
synths but the Prophet V is not only
composed of the Prophet 5 that's what
makes it special with the Prophet V you
were given three synthesizers in one the
prophet 5 the Prophet vs a synthesizer
based on wave table or vector synthesis
and finally hybrid which is a
combination of the two synthesizers in
which you can mix the world of digital
with the warmth of analog the prophet 5
gives us two oscillators and one of the
first poly mod sections of its time
allowing you to select different
modulation sources and destinations
within the synthesizer for example I
could take the filter envelope and
assign it to oscillator a to create
sounds ranging from this to this
if I wanted to fatten up my sound a bit
I could add functions like synchro
in the prophetsí s there are 128
different waveforms in each of the
oscillators producing a wide range of
sounds if you take the joystick you'll
mix and morph the sounds on each of the
four oscillators like this
unlike the original the profit vs
simulation offered by Arturia has four
different types of filters to choose
from and envelopes that can be edited
graphically but all this is just
scratching the surface of art areas
profit V because beneath the surface
lies a completely new synthesizer that
Arturia calls the hybrid mode here with
this powerful modulation matrix you can
route just about any source sound of the
two synthesizers into any modulation
opening up doors to sound pallets yet to
be heard